.TH libinput-debug-events "1" "" "libinput @LIBINPUT_VERSION@" "libinput Manual"
.SH NAME
libinput\-debug\-events \- debug helper for libinput
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B libinput debug\-events [\-\-help] [\-\-show\-keycodes] [\-\-udev \fI<seat>\fB|\-\-device \fI/dev/input/event0\fB] \fI[configuration options]\fB
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The
.B "libinput debug\-events"
tool creates a libinput context and prints all events from these devices.
.PP
This is a debugging tool only, its output may change at any time. Do not
rely on the output.
.PP
This tool usually needs to be run as root to have access to the
/dev/input/eventX nodes.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-\-device \fI/dev/input/event0\fR
Use the given device with the path backend
.TP 8
.B \-\-grab
Exclusively grab all opened devices. This will prevent events from being
delivered to the host system.
.TP 8
.B \-\-help
Print help
.TP 8
.B \-\-quiet
Only print libinput messages, don't print anything from this tool. This is
useful in combination with --verbose for internal state debugging.
.TP 8
.B \-\-show\-keycodes
Key events shown by this tool are partially obfuscated to avoid passwords
and other sensitive information showing up in the output. Use the
.B \-\-show\-keycodes
argument to make all keycodes visible.
.TP 8
.B \-\-udev \fI<seat>\fR
Use the udev backend to listen for device notifications on the given seat.
The default behavior is equivalent to \-\-udev "seat0".
.TP 8
.B \-\-verbose
Use verbose output
.SS libinput configuration options
.TP 8
.B \-\-enable\-tap|\-\-disable\-tap
Enable or disable tap-to-click
.TP 8
.B \-\-enable-drag|\-\-disable\-drag
Enable or disable tap-and-drag
.TP 8
.B \-\-enable\-drag-lock|\-\-disable\-drag\-lock
Enable or disable tap-and-drag
.TP 8
.B \-\-enable\-natural\-scrolling|\-\-disable\-natural\-scrolling
Enable or disable natural scrolling
.TP 8
.B \-\-enable\-left\-handed|\-\-disable\-left\-handed
Enable or disable left handed button configuration
.TP 8
.B \-\-enable\-dwt|\-\-disable\-dwt
Enable or disable disable-while-typing
.TP 8
.B \-\-set\-click\-method=[none|clickfinger|buttons]
Set the desired click method
.TP 8
.B \-\-set\-scroll\-method=[none|twofinger|edge|button]
Set the desired scroll method
.TP 8
.B \-\-set\-scroll\-button=BTN_MIDDLE
Set the button to the given button code
.TP 8
.B \-\-set\-profile=[adaptive|flat]
Set pointer acceleration profile
.TP 8
.B \-\-set\-speed=<value>
Set pointer acceleration speed. The allowed range is [-1, 1].
.TP 8
.B \-\-set\-tap\-map=[lrm|lmr]
Set button mapping for tapping
.SH NOTES
.PP
Events shown by this tool may not correspond to the events seen by a
different user of libinput. This tool initializes a separate context.
.SH LIBINPUT
Part of the
.B libinput(1)
suite
